Update CONTRIBUTING.md to include tag pulling instructions (#708)
mkdocstrings/mkdocstrings: CONTRIBUTING.md

Nothing easier!

> Fork and clone the repository. `mkdocstrings` uses dynamical versioning, so to get the correct
> package version when building, make sure to pull tags as well:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fork and clone the repository. The project uses dynamic versioning, so to get the correct package version when building, make sure to pull Git tags:
```
